README.md, before:

# React-Sudoku

React-Sudoku is a react-powered implementation of [sudoku.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudoku) Sudoku is a logic-based number placement puzzle game. The point of the game is to fill a 9x9 grid with numbers so that each column, row, and each of the nine 3x3 subgrids contain all of the digits from 1 - 9.

React-Sudoku generates random sudoku boards based on three difficulties (easy, medium, and hard) in the player's browser.

## Requirements
* yarn or npm

To install yarn, follow the instructions from the [yarn website.](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install) To install npm, follow the instructions from the [npm website](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm).

## Getting Started

Assuming you have yarn/npm installed, start by cloning the repo:
```
git clone https://github.com/EricTurf/react-sudoku.git
```
Once you have the repo files in a local directory, run yarn/npm to install all the dependencies:
```yarn install``` or ```npm install```.

Finally, after the installation is complete -- run the program by using ```yarn run start:dev``` or ```npm run start:dev```.

A partially filled sudoku board should pop up in the browser of your choice. Happy puzzling!

## User Interface

![User Interface Example](/assets/UI.png)

Commit message:

updated README to include note on being able to select difficulty in drop down

README.md, after:

# React-Sudoku

React-Sudoku is a react-powered implementation of [sudoku.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sudoku) Sudoku is a logic-based number placement puzzle game. The point of the game is to fill a 9x9 grid with numbers so that each column, row, and each of the nine 3x3 subgrids contain all of the digits from 1 - 9.

React-Sudoku generates random sudoku boards based on three difficulties (easy, medium, and hard) in the player's browser.

## Requirements
* yarn or npm

To install yarn, follow the instructions from the [yarn website.](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install) To install npm, follow the instructions from the [npm website](https://www.npmjs.com/get-npm).

## Getting Started

Assuming you have yarn/npm installed, start by cloning the repo:
```
git clone https://github.com/EricTurf/react-sudoku.git
```
Once you have the repo files in a local directory, run yarn/npm to install all the dependencies:
```yarn install``` or ```npm install```.

Finally, after the installation is complete -- run the program by using ```yarn run start:dev``` or ```npm run start:dev```.

A partially filled sudoku board should pop up in the browser of your choice. Adjust your difficulty by using the dropdown at the top of the UI to select between easy, medium, and hard. Happy puzzling!

## User Interface

![User Interface Example](/assets/UI.png)
